I am being forced to purchase a new device as all US networks are apparently no longer supporting Huawei devices in the very near future.
Samsung S20 is The best Phone that money can buy
I'm a Samsung fan, design and productivity is amazing and perfect, BUT it have a no-go for me: it poses a risk for phone owners.
The hardware is absolutetly stellar, which is no surprise for Samsung in the past years.
Unfortunately, same goes for app bloatware, which is also no surprise for Samsung.
 The phone feels amazing to the touch. Haven't messed with the camera much but from what I have I can say it's not half bad. I bought a micro sdxc card from Samsung to put all my movies and music on and use VLC to watch/listen and it's great.
Last time I checked samsung had there high end devices free to unlock there bootloader. At least from the s7 days .
Techniques used in Huawei is great, and even awesome.
huawei really did an amazing job.
Huawei phones are excellent. I have used them for ever, unfortunately they are ban by USA. This is the last phone I am purchasing because the next generations will not work in the 🇺🇸.
I ordered a new huawei p30 pro for $ 614 and what I received was crazy, the volume buttons weren’t working and the power button hardly works, the battery drains fast and it was a used phone.
I bought the Huawei P30 Pro in July, which to replace my Iphone. I have been using it every day since then. It works great for both AT&T and Tmobile network in the USA. It is a shame to see the political battle and people can not easily buy a great phone, which has nothing to do with national security. Otherwise, the US should ban Samsung, then all other countries should ban Apple etc. So stupid.
For the money, this phone represents a real bargain. I have been an iphone user for the last ten years, have shown loyalty to the brand and have bought three sim free units during this time. Without question, the Huawei wipes the floor with what I am used to - easily navigated set up and subsequent user menus in real English, superbly constructed, lightening fast loading of websites/data, no irratating and obtrusive update and running out of icloud data prompts ever 5 minutes and an amazing camera.
Incredible phone. My second from Huawei and hoping they stop this nonsense to block apps in their phones as they are perfect. Good value, beautiful device, fast, easy to use, outstanding camera, etc.
Everything is fine with huawei phones I think I've been wasting my time and money with iPhone. Huawei gives you more options and more services with less money so my recommendation is don't buy iPhone. I phone is finished long time ago.
For me Huawei are delivering great products at proper prices and are really getting it right. Anybody like me who is worried to leave apple jail, break out it's really good outside!!
Thank you for huawei !
I really love Xiaomi and Redmi phones. This is my third one and I've usually had a good experience with them.
I've been contemplating on buying a Xiaomi smartphone for quite some time and had tried the Redmi Go on an impulse purchase, saw the Redmi 8 and decided to sit it out, then came the Redmi 9 and so did reviews. I watched a few video reviews and tutorials on how to maximize your experience before purchasing. Here are my thoughts.
This is where I'm highly mixed with Xiaomi phones.
If you are using Xiaomi smartphones you are dealing with ads and a bunch of bloatware you aren't immediately able to uninstall without special tools.
Great cell phone, fast, good photos, battery lasts a long time. Super worth it, it's my second xiaomi and I don't want another brand anymore.
It's my second Xiaomi and I intend to stay in it for now. Best cost benefit.
Battery lasts for days, great camera, second time I buy a Xiaomi phone and I am super satisfied.
Very good product, xiaomi and another level, very attentive seller ball show...
Xiaomi great for photos, lots of memory to store everyday photos and documents. I recommend it!!
Buying original XIAOMI is pure tranquility. Quality product guarantee and good price.
It arrived in perfect condition, the phone could come more the fault of xiaomi still great device!
Excellent device Xiaomi does not disappoint quality and performance like few, an excellent cost benefit
Wonderful device as it was expected to be a xiaomi, you can buy without regrets
battery lasts well, I love xiaomi phones, for me there's no better
Best cost benefit, xiaomi making me lose the prejudice of MediaTek
I liked everything, recommend it! Another quality Xiaomi product...
I loved it very good, and my first xiaomi. Battery lasts all day excellent.
Xiaomi speaks for itself! Excellent cost for money!
First time using Xiaomi and well worth it
This is my second Xiaomi so far and very pleased
I definitely do not like it like my Xiaomi Mi 9t pro, I hate the proximity sensor, it wasn't new but refurbished or it seamed like refurbished, the screen had clearly signs of use. Do not recommend it.
Great mobile, an iPhone with Xiaomi flag and Android operating system, great cost benefit I'm 200% satisfied.
After a couple of months from my purchase I tell you a bit of Xiaomi mi10t.
Xiaomi is loosely with other manufacturers. No useless apps or pre-installed games you want. I'm sure that was not the last phone from Xiaomi. The battery delivers what it promises. Long endurance and fast loading.
The new Oppo has fully satisfied me.
How I miss my Nokia 3310!
If I had to spend some money to buy myself a new phone, I would definitely buy the latest iPhone model.
Do you remember the Motorola Razr? It was so small and compact!