Bella Hadid in Schiaparelli couture

Meng Li in Balenciaga

Jodie Turner-Smith in Gucci

Lou Doillon in Gucci

Salma Hayek in Gucci

Josh O’Connor in Loewe

Jodie Turner-Smith in Gucci

Vanessa Paradis in Chanel

Charlotte Gainsbourg in Saint Laurent

Andie MacDowell in Atelier Versace

Diane Kruger in Armani Privé

Bella Hadid in Lanvin

Eva Herzigova in Alberta Ferretti

Andie MacDowell in Prada

Bella Hadid in vintage Jean Paul Gaultier

Jodie Foster in Givenchy

Spike Lee in Louis Vuitton

Helen Mirren in Dolce & Gabbana 

Adam Driver in Burberry

That dress you bought from H&M looks just right on you.

Cate Blanchett in Armani Privé. Rating: 8. Concludes as a rare butterfly, or from Rorschach's Test, or from computerized axial tomography. To each the Cate of her.

Anna Foglietta in Armani Privé. Rating: 7/8. Foglietta reminds us that although Nolan's Tenet is in theaters, the mystery of Inception's top has not yet been solved.

Diodato in Emporio Armani. Rating: 7. Ok, then to eat a nice plate of liver Venetian style that makes blood. Pay the Biennale.

Stefano Accorsi in Giorgio Armani. Rating: 7. The Golden Lion, he, has put it in his head.

Serena Rossi in Emporio Armani. Rating: 6. The famous tunnel with the two lights at the bottom, usually those of a truck.

Valeria Golino in Christian Dior. Rating: 5/6. Should she ever reappear Joan of Arc, she would snatch it from her by shouting: "I invented the medieval-chic look, I understand!"

Alba Parietti in Betta Guerrieri. Rating: 6/7. Sweet and innocent, yes / I will disorient you / Crazy and unconscious / then I will overwhelm you. Doesn't it tell you anything?

Cate Blanchett in Armani Privé. Rating: 8. Our Lady of the Red Carpet, at your command.

Gessica Notaro in Elisabetta Franchi. Rating: 5. Beware that the last ferry to Wonder Woman's Paradise Island is at 11.45pm.

Osvaldo Supino in Jayp. Rating: 4. Think of the decibels of rustling produced by those miles of skirt.

Donatella Finocchiaro in Giorgio Armani. Rating: 6. It could have been worse, it could have been all lace, or all velvet, or all made of pot holders.

Ludivine Sagnier in Miu Miu. Rating: 7. If it's hot in the dining room, don't worry: pleating is actually a comfortable fan.

Cate Blanchett in Alexander McQueen. Rating: 5. When instead of throwing away your daughter's tutus - now that she has gone from Tchaikovsky to Achille Lauro's posters - you reuse them as an electrician who fixes tires would do.

Anna Foglietta in Gucci. Rating: 7. Brother sun, sister moon.

Levante in Giorgio Armani. Rating: 7. However, the first time in which the leaves of a landing plant - the Monstera - end up on a red carpet. More symbol of a Festival without a star than this I don't know.

Naama Preis in Chanel. Rating: 6 +. With all those fettuccine you want Venetian bigoli.

Sandra Oh attends the 92nd Academy Awards, Designer: Elie Saab, Year: 2020

Janelle Monae attends the 92nd Academy Awards, Designer: Ralph Lauren, Year: 2000

Cynthia Erivo attends the 92nd Academy Awards, Designer: Versace, Year: 2020

Lady Gaga attends the 91st Academy Awards, Designer: Alexander McQueen, Year: 2019

Billy Porter attends the 91st Academy Awards, Designer: Christian Siriano, Year: 2019

Zendaya attends the 90th Academy Awards, Designer: Giambattista Valli, Year: 2018

 Saoirse Ronan attends the 90th Academy Awards, Designer: Calvin Klein, Year: 2018

 Margot Robbie attends the 90th Academy Awards, Designer: Chanel, Year: 2018

 Emma Stone attends the 89th Academy Awards, Designer: Givenchy, Year: 2017

 Brie Larson attends the 89th Academy Awards, Designer: Oscar De La Renta, Year: 2017

 Emily Blunt attends the 88th Academy Awards, Designer: Prada, Year: 2016
 
Alicia Vikander attends the 88th Academy Awards, Designer: Louis Vuitton, Year: 2016

 Cate Blanchett attends the 88th Academy Awards, Designer: Armani Privé, Year: 2016

 Zendaya attends the 87th Academy Awards, Designer: Vivienne Westwood, Year: 2015

 Lupita Nyong'o attends the 87th Academy Awards, Designer: Calvin Klein, Year: 2015
 
 You should check your sister's closet to see if she has a suitable dress for the evening, perhaps a Dolce & Gabbana.

It takes an Oscar De La Renta cocktail dress to attend the event.

Keira Knightley in 2015 wore a fabulous Valentino dress.

Kate Hudson wears a Versace in 2014.