Give me carrot cake.
I love simple pizza margherita with tomato sauce and mozzarella.
I don't like pizza with garlic!
I like pasta with homemade tomato sauce and basil.
Always make carbonara with eggs and cheek lard!
Don't mess with my carbonara!
Get your hands off my pancakes!
The original Italian "parmigiana" is done with eggplant, not zucchini.
Never put pineapple in your pizza.
I would say that pineapple on a pizza could be oltrageous.
I miss my mum's risotto!
Espresso, what else?
I don't like pizza with pineapple.
Never put ketchup salsa in your pasta.
In heaven, after antipasti, the first course will be pasta.
Arrosticini are not kebabs!!!
Alfredo did not invent any pasta!
Don't touch my fettuccine.
Hey! Avoid heavy cream and bacon in the carbonara recipe.
Polenta warms my heart!
Tiramisù is just the best cake.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Best Pizza was born in Naples
I like bucatini all'amatriciana (the real one)
The Zaza's ApplePie is unmatched
Spaghetti "Bolognese" does not exist!!!
Spaghetti bolognese doesn’t exist in Bologna.
How could be a world without Fiorentina Steak?
I do love cooking sous vide, but only when I have plenty of time!
It's not bistecca unless it's rare.
Pineapple does not belong to pizza.
I love my mouse's lemon cheesecake.
in carbonara, pecorino is used.
Spoiler alert, peperoni are a vegetables types
Not by bread alone!
Get your hands off my pastries
Take away everything, but not my Nutella
Maccherone, you provoked me and now I'll eat you
What more could you want? An amaro Lucano
First pancake never turns out the best
Not all donuts come with a hole
A glass of wine a day keeps the doctor away
Good wine makes good blood
When pigs are butchered, nothing is wasted
Don't let the farmer know how good is the pear with the cheese
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Whoever has bread does not have teeth and whoever has teeth does not have bread
The best pistachio comes from Bronte
Who doesn't like chocolate has something to hide
Coca-cola, Fanta or Pepsi?
If it's not soup, it's wet bread
Garlic is good for blood pressure
Watermelon contains a lot of water
I have breakfast with a croissant and cappuccino
One cherry leads to the other
Throw the pasta into a pan full of salted boiling water
Ketchup is not a substitute for tomato sauce
This is the icing on the cake
Sorrento lemons are famous all over the world
When you are sad, the best solution is to eat tiramisu
In carbonara, bacon is not used, but pig cheek
Strawberries and cream are a winning team
Pizza margherita is the most famous in the world
All you need is ~love~ Coffee
Bread and jam from snack
You never give up on ice cream.
Life is like a barbecue. There is always someone sweating all day for others to sit and eat.
There is nothing that can't be solved with a smile and a good meal.
Those who only drink water have a secret to hide.
Love without a kiss is like pizza without cheese.
A circle cut into triangles, inside a square: Pizza is the nirvana of Pythagoras!
Fatte 'na pizza c'a pummarola 'ncoppa, vedrai che il mondo poi ti sorriderà.
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's amore!
You say that beauty will save the world because you have not tasted the Neapolitan Pastiera.
The best way not to have unpleasant smells in the kitchen: eat out.
I went to a Bio restaurant and the waiter told me all about his life.
There is more complicity between me and the Nutella than between certain couples at the restaurant fixed on their cell phones.
In the United States the food is really bad. In some restaurants they even bring you the prognosis with the bill.
Two beers or not two beers: that is the passion.
How can you have fun at a party where the beers are warm and the women are cold?
24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a box. Coincidence?
Drinking non-alcoholic beer is like listening a porn movie on the radio.
Jesus turned water into wine. No wonder twelve disciples followed him everywhere.
Those who don't like wine, God take away the water.
Reality is an illusion that occurs because of the lack of wine.
The best thing about wine is that, for two hours, your problems are someone else's.